[DOC] explicate confidence interval on single metrics viewer (#1930)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/get-started/ml-gs-results.asciidoc

display only a single time series.

The blue line in the chart represents the actual data values. The shaded blue

> area represents the bounds for the expected values, which is also known as the _confidence interval_. The area between the upper

Reviewer: Perhaps we should lose the `which is also known as the confidence interval` part of this sentence, as we don't use that label anywhere in the UI as far as I know, and then just leave '95% confidence level' in the next sentence.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, I've made that change in c7d81b9678c8cf771661b913d05a4a3393e74e04

The blue line in the chart represents the actual data values. The shaded blue
area represents the bounds for the expected values. The area between the upper
and lower bounds are the most likely values for the model, using a 95%
confidence level. That is to say, there is a 95% chance of the actual value

> falling within these bounds. If a value is outside of this area then it can be
> said to be anomalous.

Reviewer 3: We don't always raise an anomaly in this case although usually do. Perhaps the wording here can be tweaked to avoid questions like "we didn't get an anomaly but you said we should"
```suggestion
falling within these bounds. If a value is outside of this area then it will usually
be identified as anomalous.
```

The blue line in the chart represents the actual data values. The shaded blue

> area represents the bounds for the expected values. The area between the upper

Reviewer 2: Since we're talking about the shaded area in this sentence, I think it makes sense to add the new info here too:
```suggestion
area represents the bounds for the expected values, which is also known as the _confidence interval_. The area between the upper
```

> and lower bounds are the most likely values for the model. If a value is outside

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and lower bounds are the most likely values for the model, using a 95% confidence level. That is to say, there is a 95% chance of the actual value falling within these bounds. If a value is outside
```

> of this area then it can be said to be anomalous. The shaded blue, therefore, is

Reviewer 2: If my two earlier suggestions are accepted, this final sentence is no longer required:
```suggestion
of this area then it can be said to be anomalous.
```

> the 95% central confidence interval.

Reviewer 2: Ditto re removing sentence:
```suggestion

```
